we've got a surprise in store
for our competitors are
cognitive challenges were
missing one critical element of
survival situations stress
what you're gonna do is you're
gonna go up the stairs just
follow the path over to that
plank
ok I have no idea where this is
going
we lead our volunteers to the
edge of a 700-foot canyon and
offer them a seat
holy cow so how's it feel so far
five has a comfortable chair
good beautiful day it's a
controlled environment
this has happened so many times
before there's nothing to be
afraid of right
see he's trying to rationalize
yeah dropping me the danger of
this stunt exists only in the
imagination of the players but
dr. Bart predicts the reactions
to the perceived threat will be
totally real
I think a lot of chemicals are
going through right now
anticipation of what's about to
happen
our expert is even willing to
join travis when his weight
requires a second person for
balance
this is nuts dude explain me
what's going to happen them and
take the fun out of it
and while he was like a little
tip before we go
tip yep sure oh that kind of tip
down
Oh more
yeah
that just a couple seconds it
takes only three seconds to
follow to be a piss
but how fast can are survivors
recover their bearings
well as a good one yet done yet
oh I'm done Dana